docs: update screenshots (#201)
Open-Attestation/documentation-website: docs/ethereum-section/issue-document.md

✔  success   Document/Document Batch with hash 0x80cc53b77c0539fc383f8d434ac5ffad281f3d64ae5a0e59e9f36f19548e1fff has been issued on 0xBBb55Bd1D709955241CAaCb327A765e2b6D69c8b
```

> >**Note:** The above command does not create any new file or folder. Instead, the documents issued to the document store are still in the `wrapped-documents` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The above command does not create any new files or folders. Once issued to the document store, the file(s) in the `wrapped-documents` folder will be verifiable.
```

Author: updated
